squad what's up guys I'm actually in a
rush I have to pee sell my 25 minutes my
room is a mess I actually do not care
because transparency with you guys so
it's finally here we're gonna be talking
about some University stuff oh boy
university so University some of you
guys are ready there some of you guys
are heading there let me just say the
first thing high school does not prepare
you for university hell no seriously in
high school they babysit you you know
they care about your attendance to make
sure you hand on all your assignments
and all that jazz you know University
whole new story you're actually grown up
you have to take responsibility
responsibilities what are those I know
right the cool thing about university is
it's all up to you know you make the
choices of what you're gonna eat if
you're gonna go to class if you're gonna
socialize cuz usually when you go off
the university your parents aren't there
to help you anymore oh man they can't do
laundry for you your mommy can't do
laundry for you Oh your mommy can't make
food for you oh what a sad life here are
some personal observations if you grew
up with parents that are super strict
you're most likely just gonna release
everything at University and you're
gonna party hard and things are gonna
happen so let's get a bit personal in
bed alright so when you're in university
everything and everyone is like a form
of competition you're all there to get
education what's gonna make you stand
out for the person that's next to you
sitting in a lecture you know everyone
is there to get a degree so you need to
stand out from everyone else somehow
right so go get your degree with what
you have to do and stuff because that's
what you're all there for basic
foundation but after that you need to
stand out somehow get involved with
campus do a lot of volunteer work just
get your name out there in a sense where
you get involved with many communities
and organizations that's what
connections are so this is the time to
not be a little bitch and know how to
make friends
okay and now you guys are probably gonna
ask how do I make friends honestly if
you're going into university everyone
else is in the same shoes as you
everyone and first year is most likely
in the same situation where you know
they're feeling like they don't know
anyone and they're too shy to make
friends yo be the sort of one if you
want to go somewhere in life you have to
be the sort of one you're in control of
your own life so go and make friends go
talk to people talk about random
people actually appreciate it because
everyone else is too scared to talk to
others so you whoever is watching this
be the sort of one and go talk to people
okay you guys like my butt you guys like
my but anyways go be the certain one go
talk to people okay so go socialize
don't be scared to just literally go up
to people and just start talking to them
put your pride and ego aside hey that
rhymes here's another personal opinion
don't feel like you're rush to do
something university is the perfect time
to discover yourself whatever program
you're in you might not necessarily like
or have actual interest in you know
there is like the time aspect and the
money aspect cuz you don't want to waste
time and money while you're in
university so try to have like an actual
plan of what you want to do and on top
of your studies you know everyone it's
pretty cliche but yeah stay on top of
your studies and how to do that I'm
could go a little bit more in depth do
your readings and try your best to go to
lectures unless the prof is that boring
or something but try your best to
actually indulge all that information
and the thing is everyone learns
differently right so you yourself I
can't tell you how to learn because
everyone's different so you yourself I
just poked myself but you yourself you
have to figure out how you learn best I
can't really teach you guys that and
that will only come with experience so
I'm sorry about that so university is
this place where education is
technically more serious when you're in
high school usually they give you a
shitload of assignments and tests and if
you mess up on those assignments or
tests there's other ones that can help
you with your mark but in university
they weight factor your stuff at
different scales some people actually
have no assignments or midterms and only
one final and that final is worth 100
out of your mark it's a little different
in university in that sense but I still
believe in you guys don't worry don't
let that pressure your MA just do what
you need to do by staying on top of
studies you have to invest time into
studies you know you can't once you hit
University it's not just fun and games
you know like you have to take life
seriously especially if you want to make
something of yourself so yeah stay on
top of your studies and the social
aspect we kind of touched earlier make
good friends make friends with people
who you think will be there in a sense
as time goes on because a lot of people
are gonna come and go from your life
while you're in university and that even
happens through like high school and
stuff so honestly try not to worry about
like people who come and go in your life
because that's always gonna happen
alright and the people who matter to you
the most are gonna stay in your life try
not to worry too much about your social
life like go out if you need to have fun
if you need to do things to release your
stress all right go for it Lee I'm not
stopping you but you need to balance a
social life and your education aspect
and not just that like there's so many
things you have to take care of your own
health which means like sleeping eating
properly doing physical exercises
university is the time where you have to
seriously start thinking more like an
adult when I say think more like an
adult doesn't mean you have to not have
fun anymore you just have to accept more
responsibilities okay and some of you
guys already in university might be able
to relate to this stuff but at the same
time like we all go through different
experiences while being in university
that's why I'm trying to speak
generically so maybe some of you guys
can relate or will be able to relate I'm
pressured on time since I've to go soon
so I'm just trying to think of what kind
of other advice I want to give you guys
Oh yo everyone knows this but university
is mad expensive I'm essentially unless
somehow you yourself you're making
income / revenue making money your
parents are gonna be probably paying for
everything so don't waste their money
there's also a student loans and stuff
but be careful because student loans
really get you you have to pay crazy
interest after school get a part-time
job there's enough time to do school
part-time job and do your own on
the side it's
really hard because you have to work on
your time management skills and that's
where University will actually force you
to work on time management skills we're
all given 24 hours in a day but the
thing is everyone is going to use those
24 hours differently and some of us are
going to use it more efficiently than
others so don't waste those 24 hours in
a day uh I have to go soon I want to
talk about more about University but you
know what how about maybe the next vlog
we'll talk about some University stuff
again maybe this will be like a part 1
just generically you are in university
right now what tips and tricks can you
give to other people coming into
University leave your comment below with
your tips if you still have more
specific questions about like university
let me know in the comments section
below will touch up on that for the next
vlog I guess is a part one kind of thing
just to look you know touch the surface
and university then maybe we can get a
bit more deep I love you guys so much
thanks for interacting with me over all
my social networks you guys have been
super engaging be sure to check out my
social networks by clicking down below
check out the description box I have to
go right now so I love you guys so much
thank you also thank you for sending me
all those snaps a lot of you guys have
been sending me snaps of squad and stuff
like that so it's really cool stay
productive keep a positive mindset don't
be a piece of human being i love
you guys so much take care